Report to God
Summer vacation has been sent to find out
The princess and your sister were killed by Li Qingxiao
Mr. Li and the others are here now
According to the report
They were taken to the church in the east of Yandu City
And the Shen family was holding a funeral there
It's okay, it seems that this time it's about fighting the thugs
How many martial arts high schools in the Northern Army have been lost?
At your command last night
Accompany Zhengtiangong
There are 45,000 middle teachers under the Renbei military emblem
Come to Yando
At your command
Give me back the order
Go to church immediately
New Time Incrimination
I didn't expect Mr. Li to give me such a big surprise
Li Qingxiu
How dare you kidnap Prince Daxia's daughter?
How dare you!
Princess
I call you aunt to give you face.
My friends have given me your right to resign you
You still don't understand
Say it nicely
You are an abandoned child of the royal family
To put it bluntly, you are a mess.
Out of the corner of the eye
Reverse black and white
You people have to die
You're still talking nonsense at a time like this
I slapped my brother
Since it is Uncle Wang's complexion and so superb
Let me play tonight
superb
Have fun hahaha
Lao Tzu is talking about big things here
Since when is it your turn, dragon-tailed rat?
Ah!
Her Royal Highness
I came to see you today.
It's to discuss something with you.
What do you mean?
I want you to take you to your knees later
To personally declare Li Xuan's crimes